# HiRunner-Extended
Have you ever wondered if it is possible to include additional info to your basic running data found in your app after running session? HiRunner-Extended provides advanced running stats by merging data from dedicated runnning sensor and smart watch. Include your ground contact time, foot strike type, landing impact, swing angle, etc. into your running stats and therefore enjoy premium functionality of expensive devices with fraction of cost. 

Short description
1. Track your running by both smart watch and running sensor.
2. Put your files into extracted folder of HiRunner-Extended.
3. Software will convert huawei files ( Hitrack ) to *.csv.
4. Install Visual Studio
6. Based on info generate modded fitgen.exe in Visual Studio. 
7. By launching of modded fitgen.exe you can create *.fit filetype enriched by new features and datasets.
8. Upload your new file to running tracker service like runalyze.
9. Enjoy :) 
 
Notes:
1. So far this repo was created as limited backup. My solution is working only under certain conditions(one running type and few models of watches), but recoding is planned with aim to ease whole process. Fitgen and info files are therefore not included. Work on this repo will continue after finishing my "Hopy" project found on my Github.
2. Strava running tracker will not support advanced data generated by this app, becouse their service is not accepting customized .fit files. Solution for this problem does violate licence of .fit filetype, so it wont be published here.
3. Additional info with screenshots comming soon



